I do on my name is Mark and I play the
role of Mick Mars in the band Wrecking
Crew that's a motley crew tribute band
located here in the Motor City Michigan
now I do get asked a lot how do you play
this song what are you doing on this
riff you know so I thought what might be
cool is inconvenient is if I posted a
video or 8 or 13 I shown you how I play
these particular songs that's early
Saturday morning so I'm doing my coffee
thing right now now I would always
encourage you to follow in the footsteps
of bands like mountainy crew or Randy
Rhoads Eddie Van Halen Jimi Hendrix who
when they did a cover song you know put
their own flavor to it you know put your
own twist on things now before we get
going here I want to take your weapon of
choice and tune it down one whole step
now you're beautiful now if I play this
G chord here just for the sake of
confusion as always namely my own I'm
still gonna call it a G Corey even
though technically we're tuned down
whole-step now the song that I would
like to share with you today is from
Motley Crue's theater pane album which i
think was just it's one of my favorites
if not my favorite and it seems to get
passed over people are like too fast
love shout the devil theater paint girls
write to dr. feelgood you know but I
thought that theater pain was it was
such a great album and a good time for
me
you know I belong here playing guitar I
was a kid getting beat up in school
every day good times now so anyway the
song that I want to do is smokin in the
boys room and it's it's such a great
song to do live because everybody knows
it everybody knows the words everybody
goes crazy so it's it's fun stuff and
it's really not that difficult so what
you're gonna want to do is in the intro
of the song the drums the guitar and
Vince with his rap spiel comes in you're
gonna want to take your first finger
at the 6th fret of your a string third
finger on the 8th fret of your D string
and that's an e-flat power chord and
you're gonna hit that and slide it up a
half step to your e 5th power chord so
you're up a half-step so here you're an
e-flat
you
now you're gonna just repeat that
through the whole intro you know
yada yada yada and then the drums kick
in the verse kicks in you could start
off with that same efj lat e and just
hold it instead of doing it
except doing it like that just hold the
heat
now you're gonna move down to your
seventh fret on your low E 3rd fret on
the ninth fret of your a string and
that's a B fifth power chord and you're
gonna slide that up a half step to C
same kind of pattern
so when the verse comes in
now you go into the chorus which are
going to move down to a so you got this
a fifth chord here so your first finger
is at the fifth fret of your low E third
finger seventh fret on the a string and
you're gonna do a shuffle pattern like a
Chuck Berry twelve bar blues kind of
thing where you're gonna be adding your
pinky at the ninth fret on your a string
and then you go to your e v power cord
first finger 7th fret a string third
finger 9th fret D string you're going to
be using your pinky at the 11th fret on
your D string do that same pattern
so when you go into that
for that you're gonna go to your B 5th
power chord first finger seventh fret
low E 3rd finger ninth fret on your a
string there and using your pinky at the
11th fret to do the shuffle pattern then
you're going to a back to be
now when you're doing the course there
is kind of like a signature lick there
we need to do the a before you go to the
e now to do that when you're playing the
ace go with your first finger at the
fifth fret on your g string and give it
a little half Bend use your third finger
on the seventh fret of your D string and
then go down with your first finger at
the third fret on your a string give it
a little bend and resolve at the fifth
fret on your low E string which is the a
No
and kind of do a little pinch harmonic
on there and Bend every other note just
give it a slight
he does a similar thing there you're
just moving up to eat and then to the
beer
and pretty much that's the whole song
you know you have it just repeats you
know know the verse another course you
fall out where it's just the drums and
everybody's smoking in the boys room so
there you have it smoking in the boys
room I hope that helps thank you for
watching and again as always if you dig
it man please subscribe